.. py:method:: Wing.control_surface_area(by_name = None, type = 'planform')

   Computes the total area of all control surfaces on this wing, optionally filtered by their name.

   Control surfaces are defined on a section-by-section basis, and are defined in the WingXSec constructor using
   its `control_surfaces` argument.

   Note: If redundant control surfaces are defined (e.g., elevons, as defined by separate ailerons + elevator),
   the area will be duplicated.

   If the wing is symmetric, control surfaces on both left/right sides are included in order to obtain the full area.

   :param by_name: If not None, only control surfaces with this name will be included in the area calculation.

                   Note: control surface names are set in the asb.ControlSurface constructor.
   :param type: One of the following options, as a string:

                * "planform" (default): First, lofts a quadrilateral mean camber surface between each WingXSec. Then,
                computes the area of each of these sectional surfaces. Then, computes what fraction of this area is
                control surface. Then, sums up all the areas and returns it. When airplane designers refer to
                "control surface area" (in the absence of any other qualifiers), this is typically what they mean.

                * "wetted": Computes the actual surface area of the control surface that is in contact with the air.
                Will typically be a little more than double the "planform" area above; intuitively, this is because
                it adds both the "top" and "bottom" surface areas. Accounts for airfoil thickness/shape effects.

                * "xy" or "projected" or "top": Same as "planform", but each sectional surface is projected onto the XY plane
                (i.e., top-down view) before computing the areas. Note that if you try to use this method with a
                vertically-oriented wing, like most vertical stabilizers, you will get an area near zero.

                * "xz" or "side": Same as "planform", but each sectional surface is projected onto the XZ plane before
                computing the areas.


